<h1>Insider Threats -A Micron Story</h1>
Micron Technology is an American company best known for its production of computer memory and computer data storage such as DRAM (dynamic random-access memory). DRAM is a type of random-access semiconductor memory that is widely used in digital electronics where low-cost and high-capacity memory is required. At one point, Micron Technology had developed their own DRAM technology and even though they had a range of protection to keep the secrets safe, they were not prepared for two employees with legitimate access to steal at least $400 million worth of intellectual property. In 2018, three individuals, Fujian Jinjua Integrated Circuit Co., and Taiwan’s United Microelectronics Corporation were indicted for suspected economic espionage. One of the individuals being Stephen Chen, former president of a Micron subsidiary (independent company that is more than 50% owned or controlled by another company) in Taiwan called Micron Memory Taiwan (MMT), who conspired with two other former employees. Their motive? To allegedly use stolen data to advance China’s development of its own DRAM technology. It is possible, however, that they did this strictly for financial gain or both. “China is the largest maker of semiconductors yet isn't home to even one of the top 10 producers of the crucial electronic components.” (Mclaughlin & Strohm, 2018). This would be a good reason for China to pay financially friendly towards any kind of advantage they could get their hands on. This case demonstrates how damaging and impactful insider threats can be. According to the Swiss Cyber Institute, “Every year, more than 34% of businesses globally are affected by insider threats. Between 2018 and 2020, there was a 47% increase in the volume of incidents involving insider threats which includes malicious data exfiltration and accidental data loss.” (2021).  It is pertinent that organizations investigate better ways to handle insider threats to avoid situations such as what happened to Micron Technology. 

 <h2>References</h2>

 McLaughlin, D., & Strohm, C. (2018, November 2). China-owned company charged with stealing trade secrets from Boise-based Micron. The Seattle Times. https://www.seattletimes.com/business/china-state-owned-company-charged-with-stealing-trade-secrets-from-boise-based-micron/ <br>

41 insider threat statistics you should care about. Swiss Cyber Institute. (2021, December 18). https://swisscyberinstitute.com/blog/41-insider-threat-statistics-you-should-care-about/
